Data science experts expect this trend to continue with increasing development in the Python ecosystem. 
And while your journey to learn Python programming may be just beginning, it's nice to know that employment opportunities 
are abundant (and growing) as well.
According to Indeed, the average salary for a Data Scientist is $121,583.
The good news? That number is only expected to increase, as demand for data scientists is expected to keep growing. 
In 2020, there are three times as many job postings in data science as job searches for data science, according to 
Quanthub. That means the demand for data scientitsts is vastly outstripping the supply.
So, the future is bright for data science, and Python is just one piece of the proverbial pie. Fortunatly, learning Python 
and other programming fundamntals is as attainable as ever. We'll show you how in five simple steps.
But remember – just becaue the steps are simple doesn't mean you won't have to put in the work. If you apply yourself and 
dedicate meaningfl time to learning Python, you have the potential to not only pick up a new skill, but potntially bring your 
career to a new level.
Deep learning is a subset of machine learning, and it works on the structure and functions similarly to the human brain. 
It learns from data that is unstructured and uses compex algorithms to train a neural net.
We primarily use neural netwoks in deep learning, which is based on AI. Here, we train networks to recognize text, 
numbers, images, voice, and so on. Unlike traditional machine learning, the data here is far more complicated, unstructured, 
and varied, such as images, audio, video or text files.
TensorFlow is an open-source library developed by Google primarily for deep learning applications. It also supports 
traditional machine learning. It was originally developed for large numerical computtions without keeping deep learning 
in mind. However, it proved to be very useful for deep learning development as well, and therefore Google open-sourced it.
It accepts data in the form of multi-dimensional arrays of higher dimensions called tensors. Multi-dimensional arrays.

